Update minimal requirements for implementation (#8)
salesforce/einstein-platform: README.md

### Usage

1. Clone this repository.
2. Implement an HTTP REST service using the [LLM Open Connector OpenAPI specification](api-specs/llm-open-connector/llm-open-connector.yml). This specification contains three endpoints: `/completions`, `/chat/completions`, and `/embeddings`.
   - The `/completions` endpoint is required for Einstein Studio.

>    - The `/chat/completions` endpoint is required for Prompt Builder.

Author: ```suggestion
   - The `/chat/completions` endpoint is required for Prompt Builder.
   - The `/embeddings` endpoint is only needed for embeddings use cases.
```

### Usage

1. Clone this repository.

> 2. Implement an HTTP REST service using the [LLM Open Connector OpenAPI specification](api-specs/llm-open-connector/llm-open-connector.yml). This specification contains three endpoints: `/completions`, `/chat/completions`, and `/embeddings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Implement an HTTP REST service using the [LLM Open Connector OpenAPI specification](api-specs/llm-open-connector/llm-open-connector.yml). This service can contain three endpoints: `/completions`, `/chat/completions`, and `/embeddings`.
```

Reviewer: What do you think, @sfyz?

Author: great! thanks!

>    - The `/completions` endpoint is required for Einstein Studio.

Author: ```suggestion
   - The `/completions` endpoint is required for Einstein Studio and simple text generation use cases.
```

>    - The `/completions` endpoint is required for Einstein Studio and simple text generation use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
   - The `/completions` endpoint is used for simple text generation use cases. It is required for Einstein Studio.
```

>    - The `/chat/completions` endpoint is required for Prompt Builder.

Author: ```suggestion
   - The `/chat/completions` endpoint is required for Prompt Builder and chat-based use cases.
```

>    - The `/chat/completions` endpoint is required for Prompt Builder and chat-based use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
   - The `/chat/completions` endpoint is used for chat-based use cases. It is required for Prompt Builder.
```

>    - The `/chat/completions` endpoint is used for chat-based use cases. It is required for Prompt Builder.

Author: ```suggestion
   - The `/chat/completions` endpoint is used for chat-based use cases. It is required for Prompt Builder and Agentforce.
```

>    - The `/embeddings` endpoint is only needed for embeddings use cases.

Author: ```suggestion
   - The `/embeddings` endpoint is used for embeddings use cases. It is optional.
```

1. Clone this repository.

> 2. Implement an HTTP REST service using the [LLM Open Connector OpenAPI specification](api-specs/llm-open-connector/llm-open-connector.yml).

Author: ```suggestion
2. Implement an HTTP REST service using the [LLM Open Connector OpenAPI specification](api-specs/llm-open-connector/llm-open-connector.yml). This specification contains three endpoints: `/completions`, `/chat/completions`, and `/embeddings`.
```
